---
title: "Week 2 - More School and NRG"
layout: post
date: 2019-01-22 12:09
image: /assets/images/mott.jpg
headerImage: true
tag:
- javascript
star: true
category: blog
author: randykinne
description: School
---

## More School

Attending Intro to .NET Programming class at Mott was interesting, to say the least. Going in, I had no expectations. Okay, I had a few expectations. I expected that it would be quite nerdy and fairly boring. I was both right and wrong. My least favorite part was when others who have previous programming experienced were bragging about it in a very obvious way. My favorite part was the tour of the open-entry/open-exit lab. Students are free to use a world-class technology lab. I'm not sure what I'm going to do with it yet, but I'm definitely planning to use it.

## NRG

After a quick poll, moderators on the Nexly Network can make use of a simple program that takes user input and creates a report of their moderator actions. Think of the way police file reports after making arrests - moderators on Nexly have to document their actions. The Nexly Report Generator allows them to quickly copy and paste their generated report.

When trying to decide how to create it, my first thought was `C#`, as that's precisely what I'm learning in `Intro to .NET programming`. Initial problems arose when I found out that application development in Visual Studio for macOS is VERY different from application development in Windows. Without a GUI designer to help and only rudimentary `C#` skills to begin with, `C#` was no longer an option. 

Immediately one of my co-developers at Nexly suggested `Electron.` Electron is a framework for developing desktop applications using front-end and back-end components originally designed for web. My eyes lit up when I learned that desktop applications in Electron are basically a minimalist Chromium browser displaying a web page. Despite minimal JavaScript knowledge, building HTML and CSS for the app was a breeze. 